Q1:How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see a bug that was
introduced?
You could see where changes were made and easily identify the places where a bug
might have been introduced

Q2: How could having easy acess to the entire history of a file make you a more 
effiecent programmer in the long term?
It makes it much easier to find the problems in your code. If you e.g. introduce new 
code which creates bugs and conflicts, you could go back to earlier versions 
and see where the problems arise

Q3: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing
when to commit, like you do in GIT, vs. having versions automatically saved,
like Google Docs does?
Manually choosen commits will be more logical and it will be easier to understand what 
each change is. The risk is though that the user makes the error of doing unlogical
commits, too big or too small.

The good thing about automatic saves is that you always have all versions of the 
document so you could go back to any version. The risk is though that the saves
are hard to navigate since they make no logical sence.

Q4: Why do you think that some version control systems, like Git, allow
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs treat
each file separately?
This clearly is related to the purpose of the version control system. If it  
supposed to be a used in a context where changes in different files
oftently relate to each other, like in coding, it's useful to save multiple files
in one commit. If this is not the case however this feature is pretty useless.

Q5: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
With git log you get info of all the commits that have been done for a repository,
such as when, the name of the commit, how much code was changed.

With git diff you compare two files and see exactly where changes were made.

Q:6 How might version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Since you can go back and find where things are broken and find old stable versions
of the project if the change does not work.

Q7: Now that you have you workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I would like to use it for my new project of designing a simple websité,
and further on I would like to use it for a more complex website which uses a database.
Basically I want to use it for all of my bigger programming projects.